
not scheduled:
high priority:

low priority:
- check that all dependencies are valid when publishing

1.2.0
- refactor RepositoryStreamer to use compression methods different from ZIP (for example 7z)

1.1.0
- optimize dependency resolution to use less calls to IRepository, better batching
= repository server
- check that all dependencies are valid when publishing
- support platform compatibility i.e. if manifest declares platform net40, use it as a default one
after noarch, then try to use net35, net30 and net20
- CORE: would be nice to have a special case for .NET assemblies, when the whole package is a single
  .NET assembly. Autopackage dll, pdb, xml, get versions and other info.


1.0.0
+ support devtime packages
+ repository search command
+ don't delete lib, other, include, tools folders when re-setting folders
+ ability to install both release and debug configurations of a library; added third configuration
instead - "any" which contains files common to both configurations; if a library publisher
requires a user to use both debug and release libraries at the same time (like boost) then
he just publishes them as configuration="any" (which is a default configuration now)
+ if the package doesn't have DEBUG configuration and debug is requested, use release instead;
"any" is always used
+ install includes
+ install tools and other
+ ignore XML documentation files overwrite errors in the LIB folder which VS sometimes stupidly locks
just ignore all XML files
+ VSIX: configure global settings
+ throw out log4net, all the algorithms must throw progress events to indicate something is happening instead
  of logging; this will allow to adopt them both to console and UI
+ ResolveCommand was using LocalRepository which lost log4net logging, must use new events now to display the same level of info
+ VSIX: "Package Dependencies" dialog.
+ CORE: do not reinstall the whole folder if a dependency changed, update only the dependency;
  apparently the whole lib folder content shouldn't be deleted when resolve fails
+ VSIX: dependency resolution ("resolve" command analog)
+ CONSOLE: "pack" is "broken", it won't display the packaging progress
+ FORMS: add options for "createPlatformFolder" and "scope"
= CONSOLE: important! Autoupdate. Check for updates once a week (save state in the local folder). Display
  red flashing message in the console that there is a new version.
- CORE: should differentiate between package version and package build version
- CORE: AssemblyVersion and AssemblyFileVersion have a very special meaning to .NET CLR.
  If there is any .NET assembly in the package's LIB folder, pundit should force package version
  to the .NET assembly version.
  If there is more than one .NET assembly in the package's LIB folder, and their AssemblyVersion
  don't match, pundit shouldn't build such a package at all.
  As a consequence dev time references can contain any possible version pattern, however published
  references can't, they MUST reference exact package version (not including package build version)
  or package version + pattern of package build version. For example, if package version is 1.2 and
  package build version is 1.2.45.889, then published version can be 1.2 or 1.2.45 or 1.2.45.889.
 - VSIX: conflict causes VS to crash
 - VSIX: display where the conflict is exacly
 - FORMS, CONSOLE: package viewer (dependencies)
 - publish to local repository
 - get last build version for a package (for building a local copy) when publishing
 - CORE: add SRC folder as default search path for pundit.xml. Root takes priority, then SRC. The problem
   is that most VS plugins won't pickup SVN updates in root folder so manifest is never updated.